Start
print("Explaining to the user what the code will help them with")
Store the grade percentage in a variable called score
Add extra print commands to space out the code

if the users score is greater than or equal to 90
print ("Congratulations! You have gotten a 4+. Keep up the good work!") in the colour blue

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 87 and less than or equal to 89
print ("Congratulations! You have achieved a level 4.") in the colour blue

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 80 and less than or equal to 86
print ("Congratulations! You have achieved a level 4-") in the colour purple

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 77 and less than or equal to 79
print ("Congratulations! You have gotten a level 3+. Try achieving a level 4 next time!") in the colour purple

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 74 and less than or equal to 76
print ("Good job! You have gotten a level 3. Try doing better next time") in the colour green

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 70 and less than or equal to 73
print ("Nice! You got a level 3-") in the colour green

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 67 and less than or equal to 69
print ("Unfortunately, you got a level 2+.") in the colour red

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 64 and less than or equal to 66
print ("Unfortunately, you got a level 2.") in the colour red

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 64 and less than or equal to 66
print ("Unfortunately, you got a level 2-.") in the colour red

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 57 and less than or equal to 59
print ("You got a level 1+. Practice more or else no more collage and university dreams for you!") in the colour red

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 54 and less than or equal to 56
print ("You got a level 1. Practice more or else no more collage and university dreams for you!") in the colour red

elif the users score is greater than and equal to 57 and less than or equal to 59
print ("You got a level 1-. Practice more or else no more collage and university dreams for you!") in the colour red

Else
print ("You scored below 50. Keep practicing and don't give up! or else no more collage and university dreams for you!") in the colour red